README.md, before:

# AWS Lambda Concurrency Concept

A proof of concept for a method of invoking an AWS Lambda function hundreds or thousands of times with a single API call.

### Background

See my post on Medium [here](https://medium.com/@bennlinger/massively-parallel-sqs-processing-f0c1ea8f39eb) for how it works and why.

### Deploy

It only takes a few clicks. Just log into your AWS account (with appropriate permissions) and click this button:

[![Launch Stack](/launch-stack-button.png?raw=true "Launch Stack")](https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home#/stacks/new?stackName=aws-lambda-fan-out-ui&templateURL=https://s3.amazonaws.com/bennlinger-public/lambda-fan-out-concept-20170616/lambda-fan-out-ui.yaml)

Simply click "Next" until you get to the **Review** page, then check the box for *I acknowledge that AWS CloudFormation might create IAM resources.* and click **Create**.

The stack is now being created. It typically takes 5-7 minutes to finish. Use the refresh button (⟳) to check on it periodically. Once it reaches a **CREATE_COMPLETE** state, it's ready to go! Simply select the stack, click the *Outputs* tab, and click the link next to the one called **DemoUrl**.

### Destroy

To delete all the resources, simply delete the stack.

Commit message:

README clarification on what it does.

README.md, after:

# AWS Lambda Concurrency Concept

A proof of concept for a method of invoking an AWS Lambda function hundreds or thousands of times with a single API call.

### Background

See my post on Medium [here](https://medium.com/@bennlinger/massively-parallel-sqs-processing-f0c1ea8f39eb) for how it works and why.

### Deploy

It only takes a few clicks. Just log into your AWS account (with appropriate permissions) and click this button:

[![Launch Stack](/launch-stack-button.png?raw=true "Launch Stack")](https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home#/stacks/new?stackName=aws-lambda-fan-out-ui&templateURL=https://s3.amazonaws.com/bennlinger-public/lambda-fan-out-concept-20170616/lambda-fan-out-ui.yaml)

Simply click "Next" until you get to the **Review** page, then check the box for *I acknowledge that AWS CloudFormation might create IAM resources.* and click **Create**.

The stack is now being created. It typically takes 5-7 minutes to finish. Use the refresh button (⟳) to check on it periodically. Once it reaches a **CREATE_COMPLETE** state, it's ready to go! Simply select the stack, click the *Outputs* tab, and click the link next to the one called **DemoUrl**.

### What It Does

You'll see a basic web page that lets you specify the number of invocations to make and the payload. Click the **Invoke** button to submit the invocation request.

The significance is that despite making only a single API request, hundreds or thousands of invocations of the function are triggered. This makes it far easier to (for example) process an SQS queue with millions of items, as you can execute as many concurrent Lambda invocations as are necessary.

### Destroy

To delete all the resources, simply delete the stack.
